QUESTION BANK EXPANSION — THE QUIZ BAR

INSTALL: FOUR FILES, NO DELETIONS
1. Extract this ZIP on your computer.
2. Open your existing quiz-bar GitHub repository, on the Code tab.
3. Click Add file > Upload files.
4. Upload the four loose game files: questions.js, app.js, engine.js,
   and style.css. Keep those exact names, at the top level of the repo.
5. Click Commit changes to replace the four existing files.
6. Wait for GitHub Pages to finish publishing.
7. Both players should close old rooms, reload with Ctrl + Shift + R,
   and create a new room.

You do NOT need to upload UPDATE-INSTRUCTIONS.txt or the maintenance folder.
The maintenance folder is included only for future editing and testing.

TOTAL: 1,927 QUESTIONS
Geography & the world: 215
Science & space: 217
Animals & nature: 204
Food & drink: 205
Movies & TV: 209
Music: 206
Sports: 215
Books & art: 204
General knowledge & numbers: 252

At least 200 questions have been ADDED in each category, retaining the
original 45 questions and their longer explanations. All 90 characters,
category selection, variable game length and reveal controls remain.

CONTENT SCOPE
The added bank mixes trivia with structured learning/practice questions:
country capitals and currencies; chemical elements; animal groups and diets;
food ingredients and cuisines; film directors and release decades; artists
and recording decades; Olympic hosts and sports terminology; authors and
publication decades; and worked arithmetic problems. Related questions may
teach different facts about the same subject. Exact normalised question
stems are deduplicated, but this is not a claim of 1,927 unrelated subjects.

Every question includes an answer note. Notes may be shared by related
questions about the same subject. Historical country names are retained
for historical Olympic hosts. Diet categories describe typical feeding,
not absolute rules without exceptions. Books use publication decades to
accommodate serialisation and edition differences.

No live trivia API is used or required. New prompts and learning notes were
compiled for this game from structured facts. No downloaded third-party
trivia questions or Wikipedia extracts are included in the delivered bank.
Useful reference resources include:
https://physics.nist.gov/PhysRefData/Handbook/atomic_number.htm
https://www.nist.gov/pml/periodic-table-elements
https://www.olympics.com/en/olympic-games
https://www.bfi.org.uk/bfi-national-archive/search-bfi-archive
These are reference resources, not a claim that each entry was individually
verified against them. Editorial or factual corrections can be made in
questions.js or in the corresponding maintenance data file.

VALIDATION
Eleven automated tests passed during the update. Checks cover four distinct
answer choices per question, valid answer indexes, notes present, all nine
categories above 200, all 511 nonempty topic combinations, complete
200-question games per category, scoring, rematches and full-bank selection.
These checks validate game logic and data structure; they are not an
independent fact-check of every answer. Live two-device testing was not
performed in the creation environment.

MAINTENANCE (OPTIONAL)
The maintenance folder contains the compiled source tables and generator.
To rebuild from an extracted archive, run from its root:
  node maintenance/build-bank.mjs
This rewrites questions.js using the tables and original 45-question bank.
The runtime game files require no build or package installation.
